chore(release): prepare release note for Collect 21.10.5 (#2144)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-21.10/releases/centreon-core.md

## Centreon Collect

### 21.10.5

Release date: `February 17, 2023`

#### Centreon Broker

##### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue where the Boolean Rules KPI's impact displayed the wrong percentage rate

> ### 21.10.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### 21.10.4
```

## Centreon Collect

### 21.10.5

> Release date: `February 17, 2023`

Author: ```suggestion
Release date: `February 20, 2023`
```

#### Centreon Broker

##### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue where the Boolean Rules KPI's impact displayed the wrong percentage rate

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed a calculation error on BAM boolean rules impact.
```
